Documentation clean up (#299)
Bandwidth/api-docs: site/docs/voice/webhooks/gather.mdx

| startTime         | Time the call was started, in ISO 8601 format. |
| answerTime        | Time the call was answered, in ISO 8601 format. |
| tag               | (optional) The `tag` specified earlier in the call. If no `tag` was specified or it was previously cleared, this field will not be present. |

> | digits            | (optional) The digits collected from the user. Empty string value if a timeout occurred before any digits were pressed. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| digits            | (optional) The digits, letters, and/or symbols entered by the user. The string is empty if a timeout occurred before any buttons were pressed. |
```

Reviewer 2: Letters? Do we have an exhaustive list of items this might return? I would have only expected 0-9 # and *
